README.md, before:

# Koji React Scaffold

Welcome to your new Koji React Project.

-------
# Where to go
1. Your Frontend code is located at /frontend/pages and there is an example page at [HomePage](#~/frontend/pages/HomePage/index.js)
2. Your Backend code is located at /backend/routes and there is an example route at [SampleRoute](#~/backend/routes/SampleRoute/index.js)
3. 3 Visual Customization Controls (VCCs) have been added to the template. These can be quickly modified to your applicaiton
    - [Colors](#~/.koji/customization/colors.json!visual) - Change the text color, background color, & link text color.
    - [Images](#~/.koji/customization/images.json!visual) - Change the spinning icon.
    - [Strings](#~/.koji/customization/strings.json!visual) - Change the page content text & link text.

## Any Questions?

Join our [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/eQuMJF6) for Koji for any software questions or bugs.   
Any ideas/issues/fixes/pull requests can get sent to either the [Github Repositotry](https://github.com/jonesnxt/koji-react-scaffold)
or by message to [the template creator](https://gokoji.com/profile/jones)

Commit message:

Initial version of Digital Business Card

README.md, after:

# Digital Business Card

Welcome to your digital business card!
* Easily customize it to your specifications.
* Add your own domain.
* PWA supported (i.e. Add to homescreen, push notifications, offline usage)

For easy access, add digital business cards to a busniess cards folder on your homescreen.
* [Pixel directions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEiGDtbYN9s)

Change out icons using the included [react-icons library](https://react-icons.netlify.com/#/icons/fa)

-------
# Where to go
1. Your Frontend code is located at /frontend/pages and there is an example page at [HomePage](#~/frontend/pages/HomePage/index.js)
2. Your Backend code is located at /backend/routes and there is an example route at [SampleRoute](#~/backend/routes/SampleRoute/index.js)
3. 3 Visual Customization Controls (VCCs) have been added to the template. These can be quickly modified to your applicaiton
    - [Colors](#~/.koji/customization/colors.json!visual) - Change the text color, background color, & link text color.
    - [Images](#~/.koji/customization/images.json!visual) - Change out the logo and background. 
    - [Strings](#~/.koji/customization/strings.json!visual) - Change the out the company information.
4. Find logos, backgrounds, and any other assets you may need at [Awesome Design Tools](https://flawlessapp.io/designtools)

## Any Questions?

Join our [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/eQuMJF6) for Koji for any software questions or bugs.   
Any ideas/issues/fixes/pull requests can get sent to either the [Github Repositotry](https://github.com/jonesnxt/koji-react-scaffold)
or by message to [the template creator](https://gokoji.com/profile/jones)
